Loss
But
Price is open
Hi everyone and I hate 3 years college
This time the medals at the World Championships, which will be held from July
Expected to backstroke Japanese representative optics
I would like to hear from you
Small satellite Thank you very much
but
Suddenly, I am passing by and using artificially
Crawl
I did not try not to tolerate voice, but the composition ratio was backstroke
Do you like most
Wintering
I like Mr. Tsuji but I have never exceeded 8
Such as
It is extremely relaxing when you relax
Not good
There is no edamame but
It is most fun to plant high wave damage tree when we do Toride city
I think
What kind of reason did the other players start swimming?
I have been swimming all the time in Tohoku
To the influence provided by the eastern country
I dare see the way it descends and I think I also want to do it
started
It means that you were attracted to trial calculation
How old is it? It's all year round in kindergarten
I think it's about
It has been hot since that time and I decided to be a teacher
Were you lost every day
I go to that sideways and do various sports
I was in the city
In the end it is the feeling that what remained was the transition
In the end, swimming and after all growth and cases
In the rain
I think it's a place I was seriously
Other players personally
Do the athletes who are given the points also speak
It is not an unemployed explanation, but it can be said that 8 of a thousand sixty-three stones
Look at eating bc
And at that last scene
I'm sure
I mean
I can always exert my power in that scene
I think it is a strong mental power
I have a great ability and I can say that
Just thinking and I'm such an opinion
Overwintering of the best stage
Already really
I would like to give you that power because I'm Eto
I think it's good
In the case of 3rd place, what kind of situation is it?
you know
Overtaken
That's when it happened
Is it an appraisal?
When it is likely to be overtaken
8 self-best is in qualifying and the city is overtaken by players
Because the competition is quite clear
As there are many players who are similar to being overturned in winter
Even if I think
It might come to it
Rather I will be like that in the next tournament
Around 8 tons of bini
I think it would be nice to think
At the Japan Open, where the theme of the convention was held
It seems that there was a happening that she was drained
but
Judgment sometimes dropped sharply
It led to the background of the proposal
Is it better to disappear in a yearly contribution?
It is the first time in the country
It seems that there is a lot of Etf Kanoshita, but it's backstroke
It was only me in the group
What is 38 for players
Station throwing
I have a circuit for 838
8 Because there are people who are teaching me
I think that I would like to finish the hot love and be added to the same
It is the way that is scheduled for the next fiscal year
Just life
Do you feel like swimming
I think so for now
I have been practicing recently and have been training for treatment etc.
It seems that I could change the style, but I think it is a line
Will be
Overwintering last year
I knew for the first time a needle from the new daughter and out, but to karate
It started from last December
So I think that the effect will be revealed at the University of Tokyo I see from then
I think
It's been a while since the prefecture's side is very good and it's very good
What kind of effect do you have?
Before the race
I want to calm down the head
Train your mind well
Looking for
I also study the intangible type of feeling for the gate practice there
I do
Speaking of the largest tournament in the world, the prefecture is the Olympics
I think
There is the 2012 London Olympics
If you have a goal or enthusiasm for instinct to the peak
please tell me
As a station and a goal, I still take a gold medal
And in record
Wintering
I would like to aim for a memory that makes me the top in the world
Is
7 people
I think it will be a good year for other athletes in 2006
but
Maybe the Olympics will be held in Tokyo
But I agree to the Olympics in Tokyo
Or is it the opposite
I agree with the country
In men
Do in Tokyo
What do you think would be better later
Ect
I'm a swimmer and with people who are not interested in swimming
maybe
Have you try to keep your feet closed until wintering down
I think it would be nice if you got interest in the zodiac and after 8
There are various eyes I want to see on other days
so
Wintering
It is when it is at the distance of the kilometer though the previous town meeting is over
Leave your feet
Wintering
I think I should study
I am always in the position of being applied for support, but which collaboration
For example, do you want to support
Eh volleyball
I hold back and watch TV
So I want to create some goals and see some
I think
Such as being interested in doing the Olympics in Tokyo
Do you want to do something like
netbook is also then
I have been working for a long time
I would like to participate as a savior
As a player
We all compete in the Olympics and play gold remotely
Please aim hard and try by all means from now on and enter Miyata
It became a topic
Also what has been done since July and the world championships
Talk back to a teacher who is not related to the accident
Thank you for your inquiry and other generation
Said
Karajan